♪ (light music) ♪
After receiving care
in a hospital or clinic,
you may receive a survey in the mail.
These surveys are often referred to
as patient satisfaction surveys
and they ask general questions
about the care received.
One failure of this method is that,
after we provide care,
we are essentially asking "How were we?"
When really we should be
asking, "How are you?"
Unlike these general surveys,
PROMs ask very specific questions
about a patient's condition
at multiple intervals over
the course of treatment.
For a patient in need
of a hip replacement,
relevant questions might include
"How much pain do you have?"
"Are you able to climb stairs?"
The same questions are ideally asked both
before and after surgery to make sure
that the outcomes that the
patient originally sought
are truly being met.
Patients considering
surgery can then compare
their own responses to those
who have already gone through it
in order to decide if the
surgery is right for them.
To date, some of the best
developed and studied PROMs
relate to joint replacements.
Early data from these efforts
have already brought valuable insight
on the optimal timing to undergo surgery.
Interestingly, while most patients
significantly benefit from surgery,
those who wait the longest
and are most disabled prior to surgery
do not seem to benefit at all.
♪♪